Exposures supported for Fusion (#8428)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_fusion-missing-features.md

| [Logging system](/reference/events-logging) | You have scripts, workflows, or other integrations that rely on specific log messages (structured or plaintext). At present, Fusion’s logging system is incomplete and unstable. It is also not our goal to provide full conformance between dbt Core logging and Fusion logging. | [dbt-fusion#7](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-fusion/issues/7) |
| [Linting via SQLFluff](/docs/deploy/continuous-integration#to-configure-sqlfluff-linting) | You use SQLFluff for linting in your development or CI workflows. Eventually, we plan to build linting support into Fusion directly, since the engine has SQL comprehension capabilities. In the meantime, you can continue using the dbt Core + SQLFluff integration. dbt Cloud will do exactly this in the Cloud IDE / Studio + CI jobs. | [dbt-fusion#11](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-fusion/issues/11) |

> | [`{{ graph }}`](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/graph) - `raw_sql` attribute (e.g. specific models in [dbt_project_evaluator](https://hub.getdbt.com/dbt-labs/dbt_project_evaluator/latest/)) | You access the `raw_sql` / `raw_code` attribute of the `{{ graph }}` context variable, which Fusion stubs with an empty value at runtime. If you access this attribute, your code will not fail, but it will return different results. This is used in three quality checks within the [`dbt_project_evaluator` package](https://hub.getdbt.com/dbt-labs/dbt_project_evaluator/latest/). We intend to find a more-performant mechanism for Fusion to provide this information in the future. | Coming soon |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`{{ graph }}`](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/graph) - `raw_sql` attribute (for example, specific models in [dbt_project_evaluator](https://hub.getdbt.com/dbt-labs/dbt_project_evaluator/latest/)) | You access the `raw_sql` / `raw_code` attribute of the `{{ graph }}` context variable, which Fusion stubs with an empty value at runtime. If you access this attribute, your code will not fail, but it will return different results. This is used in three quality checks within the [`dbt_project_evaluator` package](https://hub.getdbt.com/dbt-labs/dbt_project_evaluator/latest/). We intend to find a more-performant mechanism for Fusion to provide this information in the future. | Coming soon |
```
